Update PR description guideline (#352)
pagopa/dx: website/docs/conventions/pull-requests/format.md

- A summary of the problem being solved or the feature being added.
- When applicable: a reference to the tracking system at the end of the
  description using `Resolves #<Jira task ID>` (e.g., `Resolves #DX-1234`).
- Don't include images or links in the description, as they add noise to the Git

>   history since the PR description is used as the commit message. Use a comment

Author: ```suggestion
  history since the PR description is used as summary of the merge commit. Use a comment
```
